Gesture Control: Virtual Flight Game
This project is a gesture-controlled virtual flight game that allows you to pilot an airplane using hand and face gestures. Using OpenCV, Mediapipe, and custom Python functions, this game offers a completely hands-free experience for controlling flight maneuvers like turning, accelerating, and performing other in-game actions.

Features
Hand Gesture Control: Control the plane's movements using hand gestures detected by the camera.
Face Tracking: Face mesh tracking adds additional control functionality based on facial gestures.
Virtual Key Presses: Hand gestures are mapped to specific keyboard inputs to control the game in real time.
Real-Time Video Feed: The system processes live webcam input to detect hand and face movements.
Technologies Used
OpenCV: For handling webcam input and rendering visual elements.
Mediapipe: Used for hand and face detection/tracking.
ctypes: For simulating keyboard inputs based on detected gestures.
Python: The core programming language used for the project.

Install the required dependencies:
pip install opencv-python mediapipe

Ensure that your webcam is connected and working, and modify the cv2.VideoCapture index in main.py if needed to select the correct webcam.

How to Play
Run the main.py file:

python main.py
A window will open showing the webcam feed. The system will start tracking your hands and face to detect gestures.
Use the following gestures to control the airplane:
Move Hands: Move your hands to control the direction (left, right, up, down).
Face Gestures: Control flight acceleration, brakes, and more using facial movements.
Custom Gestures: The system maps specific hand movements to key presses for in-game actions like turning, accelerating, or other controls.

File Structure
main.py: The main game script that captures video input, processes hand and face gestures, and renders the game interface.
inputfunction.py: A helper script that simulates keyboard inputs based on the detected gestures using ctypes.

Customization
Colors: The color of the virtual controls (red for remote control circles and blue for lines) can be modified in the REMOTE_COLOR_RED and REMOTE_COLOR_BLUE variables in main.py.
Gesture Mappings: The mappings for gestures to keyboard inputs can be found in the inputfunction.py file. You can customize the keys and corresponding gestures here.

Known Issues
The webcam index might need adjustment depending on your setup. Modify the cv2.VideoCapture() index in main.py to select the correct camera.
Some gestures may be hard to detect under low lighting conditions. Ensure you have good lighting for optimal performance.

Future Improvements
Add more advanced gesture controls for new in-game actions.
Implement support for multiple facial gestures for enhanced control.
Integrate the system with popular flight simulation software for an even more immersive experience.
